Hey, good morning family. How are y'all
doing today? Well, praise the Lord. I
really appreciate you joining me. I
was sent some articles about
what I saw
regarding
the cyber attacks, and people
are sending me stuff saying, 'Brandon,
we started looking into what you were
talking about and the United States is
using Windows 95 with the
FAA.'And
I was like, 'Surely
not.'30-year-old
software. Like, really? I mean, so Braden
started
researching and making sure before I
talk about it, you know, because you don't
want to look
off. You want to make sure it's
right. They are using 1995 floppy disks, and
they're trying to update it, and
they're saying it's going to take at
least four years because of how vast
this system is and all the computers, and
it's going to cost billions
of dollars to renew the infrastructure
of the FAA computer systems.
Billions is what they're saying. So all
that I was talking about and what
the Lord showed me in my prayer time is
legit. Obviously, when you're using
software from 1995, and it's 30-year-old
software, and you're using computers with
floppy disks, I mean, this is a major
deal. We're going into a new industrial
revolution with 1995 software, with AI
technology using quantum computers, and
we have 1995 software with AI. So
obviously, when you have other countries
being able to tap into the AI and hack
into our infrastructure, it's probably not
going to be that hard.
I wonder if they're using
dial-up, you know? I mean,
and it's like, no,
this is not cool.
And
they're saying it could take up to four
years, so that's all of President
Trump's term, clear up past it. I mean,
that's a major deal. So,
that was part of it. Then,
right after that, we see the airlines
that the Lord spoke to me about. One
was
on fire and had to do
an
emergency landing in the middle of the
air. This is another sign of something
that the Lord's trying to warn everybody
about. Right after I give you the word,
not even 24 hours later, there's a
plane and it's caught fire in the
middle of the air, and it has to do an
emergency landing, and you can see people
filming it and it's burning and doing
all this stuff. And I thought, 'Lord,
you're speaking so loud trying to warn
your people to pray.'You know, like I
said, God has not called us to fear; He
has
called us to pray. But He's warning
us about things, telling us, 'Look,
look, look, there's a problem here.
There's a problem there.'And when I saw
the plane falling out of the sky, you
know, I don't know what caused that. I
was assuming cyber attacks, but how
could you get to the plane and turn it
off? I have no idea. All I know
is I saw a plane; its dash went
completely blank and it fell, and it
was very dangerous.
I could tell you where it
was leaving from. It was leaving
from the central part of America and
it was going northeast. It was going
northeast to like the Boston area, and this
was a major flight, and it was halfway
there and it went down. I can tell you
that's what it looked like.
Now, is that going to be every
plane? And is that
just something that the Lord's trying to
show us, is what I'm trying to say, or is
that the exact flight?
Because sometimes He's
just showing me an example of something
to pray about and saying, 'Hey, just
letting you know the flights.'Just kind
of like people are saying about the
boat, and they're trying to figure out,
and they have trackers on all the boats.
So, you're sending me the trackers of
all the red decks with all the
black-bottom
boats with the white thing,
and they're sending stuff, saying 'we got to
track this boat, and this is where it's
at.'Now
folks, I'm going to tell you, whenever I
saw this boat, it was leaving Africa. It
was leaving that area
over there, and it
was headed this way. So, the
crew—I've
told you all about that. I don't
need to rehearse all that, but it was
coming out of
the
Europe area, Africa, all that area.
That's all I remember—seeing Africa in a
distance, and it was coming out of that
area. And number three, about
what
people wanted to know about the
buildings and the electric outages: I
saw cyber attacks coming upon our
electric grid, that it was very
vulnerable. And I saw it was a major city,
and I saw it was New York, and
it was completely dark. And that's
whenever I told my son they were trying
to bring in generators to keep people
from looting and rioting,
stealing everything because it was so
dark in the city. And I could
remember seeing those big spotlights
running on generators, trying to keep
sections of the city lit up so that the
police and the law enforcement could
keep law and order in that area when the
electricity was off. But I remember it
was very hot outside. And I told Braden,
I even saw the emergency power on
hospitals coming on. So they were trying
to keep people alive in hospitals, but
it was a dimmer light; it wasn't as
bright as normal, like
the hospital
all lit up—it was
like backup power. And so, you know,
I see these things, but I thought it was
interesting in this vision, whenever I
was praying and the Lord was showing me
that the light was shining on the
buildings, trying to cause a mirror
effect so that it would glow more
instead of just having it shoot
straight up in the air. It was trying to
shine on the buildings to cause
light down below, like blocking the light
from just going straight up is what it
would look like in the vision. So,
that's part of what I saw too. So, you
know, I see all these things and the
Lord tells us what to pray about.
I believe there's a lot of
things that we can stop in prayer,
as everybody knows
who
is a prayer warrior. Hey, and by
the way, whoever sent me these hankies
because
I was using the Kleenex
there, she embroidered my last name
on it. And I thought it was really nice
of the sister to do that. You know,
it's too pretty to blow your nose in. I
was like, 'Hey, you know, somebody
writes your name on it.'I don't blow my
nose in it, but it's really pretty. I
appreciate it. You know, that people
take the time to do stuff like that. I
don't know if you had a machine do
that or whatever, but I thought it was
kind of cool. The other thing: praying
over our water supply, praying over
because, you know, I've told you about
the water supply. Oh, and
then somebody sent me a thing about
they found an 80-mile-wide asteroid,
and it's by Neptune or something, and
they were freaking out about that
because
Fox News said it was, and they
said it was—I don't know if it's coming
this way or not, but I'm telling
you, I get so much now from people
that are into articles, and they send it
to Diana and she goes,
'Brandon, I think you should see
this.'And
I'm like, 'Wow, I'm getting a lot of
cool stuff.'So, there's
an asteroid that is 80 miles wide. This thing
is massive. I mean, that's a huge
piece of ice or rock or whatever it is
that's flying around out there. Then
I see an article from Fox News saying
that Trump and Bibi have agreed on a
two-state solution. And that was one of
the things from the Abraham Accords. And
they were saying how they were wanting
to make a two-state solution; they were
agreeing upon it. And I've already told
you all: if they do this
two-state solution, three days later,
the New Madrid fault line will be split
in half, and America will be divided in
half. If you want to watch that, that
video is down below. I told you all when
this happens, I saw great big Chinook
helicopters flying from the west to
the central part of America. They had
supplies. They were trying. It sounded
like the earth was shaking. They had so
many helicopters trying to bring
supplies from the west to the central
part where the United States was
divided. This is whenever I told you I
saw the lion's face and I thought,
"What is this lion's face?"And it was
carved into a side of a building and I
warned everybody. I saw
tumbleweeds
going down Wall Street. I saw a side
of the building
and I saw
the lion,
and the Lord spoke to me. He
said, "Look at the lion on the side of
the building."But I didn't know what
building it was, but it is the New York
Stock Exchange. That's what this
building is. And the Lord warned me
about it. And he told me, "If you divide
Jerusalem, if they do a two-state
solution and they do this, I'm going to
divide
America."And
I saw it split down the middle. I
saw all the bridges that were going
from west to east that were completely
destroyed on the Mississippi River.
I saw it was the most
devastating. And I saw from
Texarkana
to Tulsa, Oklahoma, I saw over
1,800 people die. And the massive
building that's at OU was split down the
middle. The big skyscraper look, you
know, that big hospital-looking building
was split down the middle
when this earthquake takes place. I saw
it completely. Half of the building was
broken
off at the top and it broke down,
and all that was laying on the ground,
and I remember it was on fire.
And then I saw all the houses that
were built on cinder blocks were
completely leveled.
Houses that were on a foundation were
better, but the people who had houses on
cinder blocks, they completely were
gone. And I saw the New Madrid; there
were
thousands of people that
passed away from this event that takes
place. And that's why I've always told
people, we must not divide Jerusalem
ever. For when we do, three days after—I want
you to hear me, that's how strong this
word was. He said that the
Liberty Bell—I saw the bell ringing.
I saw bells, old cast iron bells ringing
when this happens.
Three days after it's divided and it's
agreed upon. We have three days and
he'll divide America. I'm talking
straight down the middle. So, that's one
thing you need to know. We must pray
that this does not take place. It's
very, very important. This is the
article saying that they want to make a
two-state solution. And it's on multiple
Abraham Accords and all these
different things, these peace agreements.
They
want to do all this, but it's on
multiple news channels. And even the
Jerusalem Post is talking about it. And
I was like, this is not something that
we want to be involved in.
Then we saw Judge Torres's decision
and I was disappointed in that. That was
another thing that was decided
yesterday. And so, you know, we pray for
our judges, folks. I don't understand,
you know, really, I don't have a legal
mind like that, you know, and when Diana
is reading it to me, I'm like, that's
like speaking like another language to
me. So, I'm trying to understand what
was decided. And it said August 15th,
like they have to make another decision
by August 15th. And that goes to the
second courts or something and that
could go clear into 2026. And I told
you all, I said I saw the enemy
hovering above the decision-making when
it comes to crypto, saying all the, you
know, like putting a kink in the hose
because he knew exact cryptos that would
become a wealth transfer because of all
the prophetic words that had been given.
And he was trying to delay the wealth
transfer for the body of Christ.
And the Lord said, "You must stand and
pray in the gap concerning this
because the enemy is trying to put a
kink in this and you must stand and
pray."I
warned you all about certain
cryptos for car loans
and house loans. There's a major thing
decided upon that, and it was an
article, and I saw that and I thought
that was really interesting. And that was
a word that was given clear back in
February,
and I was driving around and the
Lord spoke to me about certain cryptos
in the future that would be created
for housing loans and for car loans, and
I thought it was interesting. So then
you see that being talked about now,
and I was like, "Folks, we're in the
last of last days
here."They're
going to a digital platform with
a digital currency, with a digital
everything in the days ahead, and a new
industrial revolution is coming, and
people don't realize how close we are to
the mark of the beast system. When RFK
started talking about everybody needed
to put a tracking device on them in
America and put some kind of digital
tracking device on them either in their
body or on their wrist, I thought, "Does
he even realize what he's saying? Is he
a born-again believer?"Obviously, I
don't think—I don't know.
But folks, he said it out of his mouth. And
we're talking about a man that we're
like, "Oh, yeah. He's a great guy. We
want him in there."And I'm like, "No,
he's talking about putting tracking
devices on people's arms."And everybody
needs to have some kind of digital ID or
whatever it was. And I looked
at Diana. I just, you know, whenever
you're seeing things unfold so quickly
in front of your face, you're just
going,
"Hold on a minute. Just a timeout. Just
hold on. What? What did you just say?
Everybody's going to have like a watch
on or something for a digital ID or what
for? Hold on. What? And or have it in
your skin?"I thought, "Well, there it is.
Well, who's creating it?"And here our
best friend RFK is talking about
implementing it. And they're even
saying, "We have a leak."Well, I'll be. "We
have a leak. Somebody leaked this to
CNN. It's in the White House. We're
going to find them and prosecute
them."I
said, "Well, I'll be. A mole. Really, I
tried to tell everybody there's more
than one. There's three moles.
One is in the Pentagon, but there's more
moles."So,
but the Lord
said to me, he said, "Brandon, you'll be
so thankful. The American
people will be so thankful you have a
strong leader behind the helm in the
days ahead of your country. If
Kamala
Harris would have been here, it would
have been very bad. But you will be so
thankful for what's about to
happen."And
most people, when I—I've learned in the
circles of people, you have all kinds of
different believers. You have
the people that are like, "Hell, fire,
and brimstone. Bring it down, Lord. Burn
them up."And then you have the ones
going, "Grace, grace, grace."And then
you have the ones in the middle going,
"Well, you know, can we just pray it
away? I'm freaked out."And I'm going,
"You know, whatever."So I talked to
everybody. I'm going to tell you what I
feel in my spirit. Much of this
we will not stop in prayer. The Lord
already warned us, but there is a
protection for the believer. There is a
protection for the believer, those that
will rise up with a backbone like a
crowbar and take their authority and
say, "Listen, you're not going to touch
us."Right?
Until we are removed,
and then I'm telling you, full steam
ahead, it's going to get crazy up in
here.
But the body of Christ is the great
restrainer, of the Holy Spirit inside of
us. And most people are like, "Well,
what's restraining the
antichrist from coming full steam
ahead?"The
body of Christ. We have
authority in prayer. And if we can lay
hands on the sick, we could bind the devil.
We could bind up the antichrist,
couldn't we? If we're still here
walking and talking and walking in the
authority of the believer, people who
know their authority would be like, "I
take authority over that."I just don't
understand the concept of everybody
saying that we're here for a lot of
this stuff. And we're seeing
we're here for more than what we thought
we'd be. And I'll grant you
that, with all the
things going on right now, but I'm
telling you, there's a great harvest of
souls. They had supplies. They were trying. It sounded like the earth was shaking. They had so many helicopters trying to bring supplies from the west to the central part where the United States was divided. This is whenever I told you I saw
the lion's face and I thought, "What is this lion's face?"And it was carved into a side of a building and I warned everybody. I saw tumbleweeds going down Wall Street. I saw a side of the building and I saw the lion, and
the Lord spoke to me. He said, "Look at the lion on the side of the building."But I didn't know what
building it was, but it is the New York Stock Exchange. That's what this building is. And the Lord warned
me about it. And he told me, "If you divide Jerusalem, if they do a two-state solution and they do this, I'm going to divide America."And I saw it split down the middle. I saw all the bridges that were going from west to east that were completely destroyed on the Mississippi River. I saw it was the most devastating. And I saw from Texarkana to Tulsa, Oklahoma, I saw over 1,800 people die. And the massive building that's at OU was split down the middle. The big skyscraper look, you know, that big hospital-looking building was split down the middle when this earthquake takes place. I saw it completely. Half of the building was broken off at the top and it broke down, and all that was laying on the ground, and I
remember it was on fire. And then I saw all the houses that were built on cinder blocks were completely leveled. Houses that were on a foundation were better, but the people who had houses on cinder blocks, they completely were gone. And I saw the New Madrid; there were thousands of people that passed away from this event that takes place. And that's why I've always told people, we must not divide Jerusalem ever. For when we do, three days after—I want you to hear me, that's how strong this word was.
He said that the Liberty Bell—I saw the bell ringing. I saw bells, old cast iron bells ringing when this happens. Three days after it's divided and it's agreed upon. We have three days and he'll divide America. I'm talking straight down the middle. So, that's one thing you need to know. We must pray that this does not take place. It's very, very important. This is the article saying that they want to make a two-state solution. And it's on multiple Abraham Accords and all these different things, these peace agreements. They want to do all this, but it's on multiple news channels. And even the Jerusalem Post is talking about it. And I was like, this is not something that we want to be involved in. Then we saw Judge Torres's decision and I was disappointed in that. That was another thing that was decided yesterday. And so, you know, we pray for our judges, folks. I don't understand, you know, really, I don't have a legal mind like that, you know, and when Diana is reading it to me, I'm like, that's like speaking like another language to me. So, I'm trying to understand what was decided. And it said August 15th, like they have to make another decision by August 15th. And that goes to the second courts or something and that could go clear into 2026. And I told you all, I said I saw the enemy hovering above the decision-making when it comes to crypto, saying all the, you know, like putting a kink in the hose because
he knew exact cryptos that would become a wealth transfer because of all the prophetic words that had been given. And he was trying to delay the wealth transfer for the body of Christ. And the Lord said, "You must stand and pray in the gap concerning this because the enemy is trying to put a kink in this and you must stand and pray."I warned you all about certain cryptos for car loans and house loans. There's a major thing decided upon that, and it was an article, and I saw that and I thought that was really interesting. And that was a word that was given clear back in February, and I was driving around and the Lord spoke to me about certain cryptos in the future that would be created for housing loans and for car loans, and I thought it was interesting. So then you see that being talked about now, and I was like, "Folks, we're in the last of last days here."They're going to a digital platform with a digital currency, with a digital everything in the days ahead, and a new industrial revolution is coming, and people don't realize how close we are to the mark of the beast system. When RFK started talking about everybody needed to put a tracking device on them in America and put some kind of digital tracking device on them either in their body or on their wrist, I thought, "Does he even realize what he's saying? Is he a born-again believer?"Obviously, I don't think—I don't know. But folks,
he said it out of his mouth. And we're talking about a man that we're like, "Oh, yeah. He's a great guy. We want him in there."And I'm like, "No, he's talking about putting tracking devices
on people's arms."And everybody needs to have some kind of digital ID or whatever it was. And I looked at Diana. I just, you know, whenever you're seeing things unfold so quickly in front of
your face, you're just going, "Hold on a minute. Just a timeout. Just hold on. What?
What did you just say? Everybody's going to have like a watch on or something for
a digital ID or what for? Hold on. What? And or have it in your skin?"I
thought, "Well, there it is. Well, who's creating it?"And here our best friend RFK is talking
about implementing it. And they're even saying, "We have a leak."Well, I'll be. "We
have a leak. Somebody leaked this to CNN. It's in the White House.
We're going to find them and prosecute them."I said, "Well, I'll be. A
mole. Really, I tried to tell everybody there's more than one. There's three
moles. One is in the Pentagon, but there's more moles."So, but the Lord
said to me, he said, "Brandon, you'll be so thankful. The American people
will be so thankful you have a
strong leader behind the helm
in the days ahead of your country. If Kamala Harris would have been here, it would have been very bad. But you will
be so thankful for what's about to happen."And most people, when I—I've learned in the circles of people, you have
all kinds of different believers. You have the people that are like, "Hell, fire, and brimstone. Bring it down, Lord. Burn them up."And then you
have the ones going, "Grace, grace, grace."And then you have the ones in the middle going, "Well, you know, can we just pray it away?
I'm freaked
out."And
I'm going, "You know, whatever."So
I talked to everybody.
I'm going to tell you what I
feel in
my
spirit. Much
of
this we
will not
stop
in prayer.
The
Lord already
warned
us,
but there
is
a protection
for
the
believer. There
is
a
protection for
the
believer,
those that
will
rise
up
with
a
backbone
like
a
crowbar
and
take
their
authority
and
say,
"Listen,
you're not going to touch us."Right? Until we are removed, and then I'm telling you, full steam ahead, it's going to get crazy up in here. But the body of Christ is the great restrainer, of the Holy Spirit inside of us. And most people are like, "Well, what's restraining the antichrist from coming full steam ahead?"The body of Christ. We have authority in prayer. And if we can lay hands on
the sick, we could bind the devil. We could bind up the antichrist, couldn't we? If we're still here walking and talking and walking in
the authority of the believer, people who know their authority would be like, "I take authority over that."I just don't understand the concept of everybody
saying
that
we're
here
for a lot of
this stuff. And
we're seeing we're here
for more than
what we thought we'd be. And
I'll grant you that, with
all
the
things
going on
right
now,
but I'm telling you,
there's
a great
harvest
of
souls.
Watch midterms and the great decisions
that will be made. I'm telling you,
rising up, I saw, it's like when I saw
Oklahoma divided and
trying to take it blue.
There's a lot of decisions that are going
to be made in the next couple of
months to a year.
We have this window. We have this window
of opportunity for this and to the next
Shemitah
cycle.
Looking into it,
there's layers to it.
There's layers in it.
But all of it, as painted as a big
picture, like you see the financial
turnaround, you see the financial wealth
exchange, it looks fun, it looks
beautiful, everything's happy, people
rejoicing as they have what they've
always dreamed of. But on another level,
the higher you go up here, you see
more turbulence. And then you go up here
and it's even more different. But as you
look at it from a distance,
the whole picture looks different
altogether.
All three layers together
is what I'm trying to say, and I
hope that is not confusing, but it
might be to some. But what I'm trying to
look through this lens,
what I'm telling you is
that the sun is setting on the time.
Sun is setting on time,
and most people don't see it.
They get caught up with
distractions.
Wealth transfer: 'Oh, you get all new
stuff! You're excited!'Everybody is, but
you're not paying attention to what it's
there for. It's a blessing and you're so
excited. Let's go on vacation!
Which God wants you to have all things
richly to enjoy, I get that, but don't
lose sight of the mission.
As you see this transition,
don't lose sight. I hear this by the
spirit of the Lord right now: don't lose
sight of the mission as this new
transition comes and unfolds,
for many will get distracted.
Don't get distracted.
Stay on course.
But the birthing pains are accelerating.
They're happening at such a rapid pace
and you'll see them right in front of
your face—a great
acceleration of the birthing pains.
A shaking in the
earth.
It's like you see the spiritual drought
upon the land. A spiritual drought.
I hear the sound of an abundance of
rain.
Take hold. Take hold.
A rattling of the bones. A rattling.
I see the final touches
of things.
Watch. I keep hearing it:
watch for the Sooners.
You're going to start to see the popcorn
popping in the pan, per se. What I'm
going to tell you all today is
you'll see the beginning of healings,
but it'll be creative miracles and
they'll be sporadic. It's starting to be
what you see when the first kernels
in a pan are heating up and the
popcorn is getting
ready to go. I see
those first kernels popping up across
the world as we speak right now. And as
we hear about them, you'll say, 'What's
going on over
there?'But
you'll see these, and
they're going to
be shock and awe moments.
What is this?
What is this? They'll say, but there'll
be shock and awe moments. Even the
pastors and the people who are walking
in it, that have been believing for it,
when they see it start to manifest,
it's going to be shock and awe to them.
Let it flow
like a river. Don't control it.
Like you think, 'Well, I've got
to bridle this, so I can't let it get
out of control because if we do that,
then the people get out of
control.'Let
it flow.
God is breaking down this dam,
and there's going to be a major flow
of Him. I see a flow. I'm telling
you what He said: 'Can these bones
live?'Don't
be afraid of what's about to take
place, ministers. Don't be afraid of it.
Embrace it. Let it go.
You say, 'Well, that's chaos.'I hear
Him say, 'Well, that's
chaos.'Like,
you
know, 'We have to
have order.
We have to have order. That's
chaos, brother. We've got
to bridle
this.'The
Lord, I see it
like a river that's just going
to
take you. You don't control a river.
A mighty rushing river like the
Mississippi, you can't control it. You
go, 'Well, we're going to
try to control it.'You ain't going to
control that. It's going to knock you
over. Does that make sense, what I'm
trying to tell you? There's no
controlling a rapid river,
rapid water. It's rapids,
like the Colorado rapids they
go tubing on. This is rapid water, and
if you go out there, it's going to take
you over.
Just get on the boat and
float down the river. Enjoy the ride.
Let the river go.
This is the last one that will
flow like this. You hear me? This is the
last river that will flow like this.
Lord,
there's people that need encouragement
today. Again, I see they're on
the verge of giving up. They
need a fresh
cup of water, fresh
drinks today. Fill
their cup, Lord. They lift it up, Lord.
Oh,
lean into Him today. He's bringing in
the
new wine today.
A new refreshing over
their spirit, a new refreshing to get
their job done, blowing like wind
underneath the wings. You
float. Just like they
let the wind carry you, you're just
going to flow like the big eagles up
there.
They're just soaring. They go so high
and they soar,
and they catch the current and it's
carrying them around. We've got to catch
the Holy Ghost current.
There's so much change coming.
I plead the blood over my ears. I plead
the blood over my eyes for what I just
saw. I plead the blood
over that.
I saw the plague again.
And I see the rats again.
They're not bats; these are
rats.
But these rats
have red eyes. They're
the carrier of the disease.
A plague.
I just saw a glimpse of that factory
again with the sign of
contamination on it,
with that caution tape
across the doors.
Factories will be shut down. I see
the factory shut down again,
and this time it's cold outside. I see
people in big coats. I see people with
things on their head trying to keep
their ears warm,
but there's no one outside. Just a
couple of people here and there. There's no
one outside.
And this is New York. It's either
Chicago or it's New York. It's a major
city.
It's the Big Apple. You hear me?
The people don't want to touch the
money. They don't want to touch the
money. I hear people saying they
are
bringing about a new global
economy.
They can't keep going status quo. This
is changing.
Everything's about to change to the
beast
system. Just remember this:
it's the beginning phases of
a
new industrial revolution of new
technology. All these things,
the foundation is being laid right in
front of you and most of you don't even
see it. I'm telling you, a new foundation
is being laid right in front of you and
you don't even see it.
What's going on in the shadows?
I see submarines going to Cuba.
I see it like whenever it's bobbed up out of
the water, you know? I see that part and
it's up out of the water and it's headed
towards Cuba and it's on the East Coast.
A submarine, a black submarine.
Well, all of them are black, but this is
black-looking.
I'm just telling you
what I see.
Yeah, it's Russian.
It's a Russian submarine.
This looks like a big submarine.
I don't know how big these
get, but it's a big submarine. It's
big; it's long.
It's like you see all these
people,
you see all their faces, but they're so
distracted with their Monday through
Friday.
They're so busy just trying to make
money for their family.
That's all they're focused on, just
trying to survive, that they don't see
what's going on around them right now.
So many people are so distracted just trying
to go—the
average man.
They're just trying to make it
and
provide for their families, to go
on a vacation, to do things, but
they're not looking around because their
eyes are down. Their eyes are down and
they're not paying attention to
the things that catch their eye every
once in a while upon social media or
whatever. They hear glimpses and they'll,
you know, 'that
bothers me'or whatever, but they're
really not. They're a frog in the pot,
and I saw a pot and I saw people,
and the water's rising. The
water's getting hot and the temperature
is rising around them, but they're so
busy being distracted with everything
else of what they're just trying to do
to make it and make ends meet: food for
the table, rent, water, whatever,
housing, car payment.
Their eyes are so fixed on the ground,
they're not looking out at what's
coming on the horizon, they're not
looking at what's coming out here because
they're so fixed on the task ahead.
I saw so many different
people, and they're not seeing. This
is the masses;
they're looking down,
so busy looking down, and they're not
looking up.
I don't know
what's the big deal about the
submarine yet, but I saw a submarine
sailing.
It was coming, you know, in the
water. It was coming from
Europe, of course, down
across the Atlantic.
And then I saw the rats, and
they
were on the ground and they
were running around. They were being
released.
And this was in Europe;
it will first take hold in
Europe—the
virus.
It will not start in America. This will
start in Europe
because these were
old-looking
cobblestone streets. This is old, what I
saw, these rats running around. I saw
like it's old
stuff. It wasn't like America
where
everything is here. It's different. It
was like old villages,
like old towns.
This straight, this rock street path
was like rock, not
like Arkansas rock, but like
cobblestone. It looked like
pebbles, but it was bigger,
and
I just saw rats,
and I'm like, 'Why am I
seeing
the rats? What are these rats?'But I know
it has to do with the plague again.
It's like what I saw in the labs.
Remember I told you they were
practicing on rats? This is back. It's
like another piece of the puzzle,
another piece of the vision that I saw
back over a year ago, Braden,
seeing the rats. But it
was rats, and they're scurrying around,
and these rats look dirty and
dingy-looking,
but they're black
and they're evil in their faces, and
they're running around the ground.
And then the Lord said, 'This is
Europe again. Many people are not
watching,
but they have to get rid of the old
system to bring in the new
system.'And
I could see paper money that
was blue. There was blue on this paper
money. And I don't know what kind of
money that was, but it was blue money.
It
had blue on the currency, some kind of
blue design. And people didn't want to
touch it because they were afraid of
transmitting this virus on money.
Yes. 'It's like that money right there.
It says 20. What is
that?''France.
France. So, euro. Euro. It's the euro.''Watch the
euro.'He said,
'Watch the euro.'He did say that. He said
it would be
one of the first dominoes to fall. 'Watch
the euro.'Remember
that? 'Yeah.'And
it's blue. So, they didn't want to
touch the blue money and people were
afraid of it. He said, 'This is going to
introduce the system faster, being
afraid to touch
money.'It's
very creepy. It's
like they have a plan within a plan.
COVID
was a trial run.
My goodness, Lord. The things you show
me.
My goodness, Lord.
Do you remember the faces on the red
that faded out? Son, do you remember the
faces? He shows me the faces. As the
virus spreads, it spreads like red, and
the faces on that country fade.
Remember it. I'm seeing it bleed into
Africa right now. I'm seeing it bleed
in.
I see it spreading throughout all of it.
And I see the Mediterranean. I see it.
And
it's spreading over
Africa,
spreading down,
and it's going all throughout Asia right
now.
It's spreading now. I see India,
and
it's highlighted.
This is very interesting. There's not
very many people in China, is what they
think.
When it goes to China,
there's like—you see in
populated areas how there are so many people,
like in India right now, I see
they're like they're stacked on each
other like sardines.
But when it comes to China, they're
spread out more. Okay. So, people, this
is the way it is in this vision right now, I
see it. People that are bumping
shoulders, they're touching shoulders in
this vision, and it's spreading faster.
You see, because they're touching
shoulders,
but in the areas where there's not as
many people touching shoulders,
like China is spread out apart, there's
not as many people in this vision.
Like, I don't understand
this, but they seem to be—they're in
white outfits,
or
whatever this is.
And they have a little thing, and
they're there, and I
see the women, they have the blacker
hair.
They're there, but they're not
touching shoulders like it is in India.
And it's going—I see Vietnam. I see it,
Vietnam.
I'm seeing America right now.
I hear the spirit of the Lord
say,
'Fear not.
Fear not what you are seeing. Fear
not.'There's
so many voices saying so many
different things. He says
there's so many voices saying so many
different things.
It hits Australia very hard.
It's the way they're set up.
I see it hitting Queensland
and it spreads,
but it took a while for it to get down
there.
I see all the flights are grounded.
They're down. There's no flights flying
around. Only
for emergency, and there's nobody on
them—just
a couple of people spread out.
You know what I'm saying? And they're
flying—there's
nobody on these
planes.
It's like the whole plane is empty, with
maybe
two or five people
on it. On this one I just saw
flying, I saw five people in
this plane. They were so spread out in
there and they are covered in masks.
They look like COVID people. Again,
everybody's covered in stuff.
Oh man,
the Lord said, 'Pray, pray, pray.
Lessen the effect of this. Pray,
pray, pray, saints.
There's much to pray
about. There's so many things coming all
at once.
The birthing pains are on top of
each other.
My goodness,
all this stuff,
all of this. Like I said, when I'm
looking at all of this all at once, it's
like, wow,
I see it all at once.
Earthquakes, asteroids,
plagues, volcanoes,
droughts,
pestilence, and diverse things—the fish and
everything
all happening.
It's absolutely
overwhelming me.
If
you look at
it all, I could take a glimpse
as
it pans out, and I can see Italy and
the Vatican
right now.
A shaking is coming to the
Vatican and the Catholic Church.
And then you have these dark,
deep-state
people that are plotting and planning.
And I see the towers again,
and these people are dark, evil people. They
are
up in
the
northeast.
I see Macron's face again.
Now, I just saw something very wild.
Now, I need you to hear what I'm
going to say.
It looks like
flying saucers.
This was a big-looking ship that was
glowing like gold,
and it was hovering with an
energy around it. It looked demonic,
and I saw it coming into the Earth's
atmosphere to deceive many.
It had big yellow lights all around it,
and it was like a
flying saucer. It was like a
big circular object coming down, and it looked
like yellow
electricity, like lightning
bolts, was
coming off of
the yellow lights.
We know there's no such thing as aliens,
folks. I need to make that clear. This
is demonic. What I just
saw,
there's going to be an uptick in these
kinds
of events
in the days ahead. Just remember this: an uptick
in events
in our skies. Some
will
say this is drones, but it's not.
A great deception is coming.
My gosh.
I see one over Europe and Italy around
the Vatican. I'm telling you, I see
one of these right over Italy and
that whole area, and it's
flying around. It
will be
on the news, tripping people out
with
actual glowing
lights
in the sky.
When is this going to
happen? There
is
excitement but
also
fear in the air. People
are saying, 'ET,
ET.'There
are
weird people trying to put
signs out,
trying to communicate with
this thing.
I see people
with poster boards
looking at it. One
lady
holding up a poster board
is
heavy
with
brown hair,
probably
250 to 260 pounds. People will be
deceived. The Lord is trying to
say, 'People are going to
be deceived by this.
It's demonic,
trying to desensitize you for what
is coming.
A great deception is coming.'He said
this is not funny;
people will fall for this.
The Lord spoke very sternly right then.
They will show up in Mexico. I see
Mexico highlighted. This is to deceive
the people in South America,
going down through there and coming
up. It's going to be on the news and
in
all these places.
People are going to start
talking about it. It will be the talk
of
everything.
This is not a little
thing; I'm seeing a
massive, very
noticeable thing. I would say it's a
huge device like a plane.
It's demonic.
You need to prepare yourselves to be
voices against this,
saying this is demonic, not ET.
This is
a
fallen angel;
it's
demonic. They
are
deceiving people;
it's the great deception. They
are
preparing your hearts.
Your eyes are on
the ground, and the
people are not looking; they don't know
what's coming. He said, 'Brandon,
don't you remember what I told you?
They'll explain the rapture away.
They're going to explain
that
this is what happened to the millions of people
who
disappear when the rapture takes
place—that
they were all taken by this ET
stuff.'They'll
have to have an alibi.
He says it's an alibi of where everybody
goes.
All the children, all these people, they
were taken by the ET.
This
is
a
great deception that's coming,
and
they're doing it on purpose. The
prince of the power of the air.
And I see smaller ones
in America
and
Canada. They are flying
around, and they are very bright.
It's like the mothership and little
ones. I see
big ones and small ones
today, trying to deceive many.
The
church needs to take
its
authority. You have to tell
the people.
Many people, as
they
hear me saying this,
will
say, 'Oh, this is way out
there.'I
warned you:
fearful sights you will
see that will
bring you to your
knees.
You've asked me what these sights
will be. I remember that, Lord. I did.
I asked if
it was
all
asteroids. He said,
'Fearful sights you will see that will
bring you to your knees.
A shaking
in the heavens, a
shaking
with the sun, a
with these things to
come.'They'll
be
manipulating the weather
more.
HAARP.
You're going to hear more about the
manipulation
of the weather.
Superstorms,
like flooding in China,
abnormal rain, abnormal
droughts,
and
abnormal weather warfare—weather
weapons.
They are
perfecting
weather warfare,
but it will get out of
control. In trying to control
it,
they will lose
control:
jet streams,
superstorms,
and
exceeding wind that you've never
experienced before.
You've already seen rain amounts
that you've never experienced before,
creating super floods. There are super
floods, super rains, super winds, and
super
hail.
It will keep increasing
and
get out of control.
Weather warfare
against the people,
controlling things,
controlling
people, controlling areas,
manipulation of the weather.
Record snowfall, record
drought in
some places,
and just a little bit down the road,
record rain.
And then there's what
I've talked about: the seasons
changing, the dimming of the
light,
messing with the animals,
their
breeding patterns, and
the
migration
patterns of birds.
There is
coming a control of beef,
a fear to eat beef.
A manipulation of the beef is coming.
There's
something wrong with the cows, kind of
like a mad cow disease, like
another flare-up of something wrong with
the beef, trying to manipulate the market, and beef becomes very
expensive.
I warned you about the chickens
ahead of time, and that happened with the eggs.
Remember
all that happened?
There was a
shortage, and they were
killing all the chickens. He said there's
about to be something with the beef,
but it's a bigger deal because cows take
a long time to produce
compared
to
chickens.
So
this is another thing of control. He
says this is another
control.
They'll fan it up to be more
than it is.
They're fanning it up. I see these dark
people. In fact, you know who that dark
man is?
That guy, he has had his hand in a lot
of stuff
because I just saw his face before me.
This is disgusting. But I see when this
happens, more about grasshopper
burgers,
bug burgers.
I see bug burgers,
worm
burgers, using bug-like insects as
a form of protein. Trying to push
protein burger bugs.
Burgers,
like, nasty
on buns,
trying to push that
as
an alternative source of protein.
Yeah,
that is disgusting.
I see it on a
burger and they've got it
ground up, like in a
ground-up
powder, and they make it into
some kind of burger patty, like a
ground-up,
like into flour
meal. Oh, that is just foul,
making burger patties
out of this flour meal. Burgers, like
crickets.
That is foul,
Lord. The things you show me, I just
don't even know what to say about that.
He's warning you. He said,
'I'm warning you ahead of time. Be
prepared.
Don't be caught off guard.
There's nothing wrong with your cows.
There's nothing wrong with your dairy.
Just remember this:
there's a darker plan here.
It's called
control—weather
manipulation, food manipulation,
population control, like controlling the
people,
financial things. That's with the
infrastructure of the digital.'He said
the very thing, he said it again right
there: 'The very thing you embrace, you
will push away.
Remember this today.
There's great manipulation on
things.'Elite.
These men are very evil, and
they will do great things in the
days ahead. You'll see this.
Wow. Lord, this day has been
impactful. I appreciate everything
you're showing us tonight, Father.
You're so good to us.
You're so worthy, Father. I don't
take it for granted that you'd come
and speak to me like this. Thank you,
Father. Thank you, Jesus. He said,
'There's much more to show you in the
days ahead.
There's much more to show you.
I'll give more pinpoint, precise,
accurate things. You'll see,
to warn my people and bring them to
their knees.'It's time to pray, church.
It's time to pray, church. It's time to
pray, church. He
said,
'I'll show you the things to
come.'I
see a decrease in fertility rates,
a decrease in population and
fertility rates, messing with people's
fertility.
Dear goodness,
my goodness.
These are young people in their 20s and
30s that are not able to get pregnant.
And there's something
going on here.
It's
like it's spreading
widespread
in
America,
a depopulation.
The Lord
said, 'Don't touch all
that.'He
said, 'Don't touch
said, 'You've said enough concerning
this
today.'That's
what he just said. He said,
'You've said enough
today.'He
said one more thing:
'Don't forget the celebrities that will
rise up.
I see celebrities that are false,
saying, "I got Jesus. I got
Jesus."And
they'll preach a universal gospel to
deceive the
many.'He
said, 'Don't forget about the
celebrities that will try to rise up and
try to say, "I'm all in for
Jesus,"but
then start preaching a
universal gospel that all religions are
the way to the Father.'But I tell you
the truth, there is no way to the Father
except through the Lord Jesus Christ.
You must accept Jesus Christ as your
Lord and Savior if you want to go to
heaven. Buddha's not going to
get you there. Muhammad's not going to
get you there. Any other false religion
is not going to get you there. The only
way to the Father is the Lord Jesus
Christ. You have to become born again
and accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal Savior.
Unless a man be born again, he cannot
see the kingdom of God, and
accepting
Jesus Christ is the only
way.
In fact, I'm going to give an altar call
right now, after you hear all of this
that I've just told you. That's a lot.
This night was full of
what the Lord had to say. But
I
would be missing it
right now if I didn't give you the
opportunity to make a choice. You're
here. It's not entertainment. This is
serious. I'm trying to tell you
there's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun. You have to accept him. You have
to. You say, 'I don't want to go through
all this stuff, Brandon. You're freaking
me out.'Oh, I'm telling you, that's
barely even telling you
a little bit of something. There's
much worse that's coming.
Hell for eternity is much worse than
what's going on on this earth if you die
tonight. Where will you spend eternity?
If you die tonight, if you go to bed
tonight and you lay your head on your
pillow and you're there sleeping and you
die, and you've never accepted
the Lord Jesus Christ, what I'm telling
you is a cakewalk.
If you don't have the Lord Jesus Christ
and he doesn't know you and he doesn't
have your name written in that Lamb's
Book of Life, everything is for
naught.
You must become born again today.
You must. You are running out of time.
As I tell you all these things that are
coming upon the earth,
men's hearts will fail them for fear.
The Bible says, 'Looking after those
things that are coming on the earth, for
the powers of heaven will be
shaken.'Many
things are coming, folks.
And I'm telling you, this is just a
little glimpse of something tonight
of what the Lord's trying to tell you to
warn you because he doesn't want you
caught off guard. But there's many of
you here that do not know the Lord Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
There's many of you here tonight that
do not know him as Lord and personal
Savior. And tonight's your night.
I want you just to repeat this prayer
after me. And I want you to say it with
all your heart
because today is your day of salvation.
Today is your day. Tomorrow night might
not come for you. With all these awful
things that I'm seeing coming, tomorrow
you may not have another opportunity.
Today's your day of salvation. I want
you to repeat this prayer after me. Say,
'Lord Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died on the cross and you
rose again on the third day.
I believe you're seated at the Father's
right hand making intercession for me.
I'm a sinner, Lord, and I need a Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
Forgive me of my sins.
Cleanse me from all the bad
things that I've done, all the
unrighteousness.
I need you, Lord.
I need you to lead my life. My life's
a mess without you. I can't do this
anymore without you.
Lead me. Make me new.
Create in me a clean heart.
Today I want to be born again.
Today I accept you, Lord, and I pray you
accept me.'And he does. He's
writing
your name right now. He's writing your
name. Everything is changing in you. The
Bible says if you confess your sins, he
is faithful and just to forgive you of
your sins and cleanse you from all
unrighteousness.
Today I'm born again. Today I'm saved.
It's
as simple as that.
Forgive me. That's all. I messed up.
Boom. You're born again today. Now, what
do you do? You say, 'Brandon, what do I
do now? I just said the
sinner's prayer.'The angels in heaven
are rejoicing with you. We're rejoicing
with you. I want you to comment down
below. Say, 'I just gave my heart to the
Lord Jesus Christ today. Today, I gave
my heart. I'm born
again.'We
want to rejoice with you. We want to
be excited for you. We want to tell you,
congratulations. Please do that in the
comment section down below. Now, find a
Bible-believing
church. Go to a church that
teaches the word of God. Come on here,
pray with us. Read your Bible every day.
Pray every day. Go and tell the pastor
at a local Bible-believing church.
You know, you say,
'Brandon,
I don't know where to
go.'I
don't know what city you live in, but I
can give you some suggestions, but I
don't know where you live. You know, so
if you email us, you said, "I just got
born again watching your broadcast.
I don't know where to go to
church."I'll
try to tell you some churches, maybe
if you don't know any, but that's not
really my job. I want you to find one,
but I don't want you to be steered by
some weird ones, you know? So, find a
Bible-believing
church. Tell them you
want to be water-baptized. Say, "I need
to get water-baptized."Get
water-baptized.
Read your Bible. If you say,
"Brandon, I can't afford a Bible. I'm
barely making it from paycheck to
paycheck. I got like five bucks in my
account. I don't even have money to buy
gas tomorrow."Then guess what? You tell
us, "Hey, I got born again and I can't
afford a Bible."You tell us in the
description,
there's an email
down there. You can tell us.
Diana
and I will buy you a Bible. We'll send
it to you from Amazon to your house.
We'll not solicit you. We don't want
your address for anything else other
than just to be a blessing to you to
give you a Bible. You see, because, "I can't
afford it. I've only got five bucks,
whatever I've got to live on, and it's
too much of a stretch for me to get
one."We'll
buy you a Bible. It's not
the best Bible, but it's a Bible, and
it's free. And I want to love
on you, and I want to rejoice with you
for your decision today to accept Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal
Savior. So, we're excited you're here.
Stick around there. The best is yet to
come. I believe the Lord keeps showing
us things because he wants us to not be
caught off guard. So, thank you for
joining us today, and we're excited with
you. Please tell us down below if you
got born again. Well, if you're here and
you're a consistent
prayer person with us, thank you for
being here today. We really are excited
that our prayer channel is growing,
all to the glory of God.
We give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful love. Well,
subscribe! We're
believing
for a million
subscribers, for a million prayer army,
for a million women in prayer army,
all for his glory. And we're excited
about it. We're getting there. We're
growing every
single day. Braden tells me we got
another 200 people. So, we're excited
you're here. So, please keep coming back
and praying with us. I believe the
more we are praying together, the more
we're seeing things happening. And with
all that I've seen tonight, there's a lot
there to pray about. So, glory to God.
Well, we always close the broadcast by
telling you to put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again
soon. And thank you for all your
kindness to my family. Well, it really
means a lot to us. Thank you.
Like this kind of stuff, this
is a real blessing. The Little Bigs
hanky, you know. It's really nice.
God bless you all. We'll see you again
soon. Bye-bye.